
> on ：He is standing on a pencil.

	# 覆盖/附着在...之上
	on a wall \ on your skirt\ on the table
	She climbed [on to / onto] the bed
	# 由...支撑
	She was standing on one foot
	Hang your coat on that hook
	#在运输工具上、 在某一天
	a woman on horseback 、 on one occasion 曾经有一次 、on your birthday
	# 就在 ... 之后； 一(旦)...就...
	do something on arrival. 到达之后立刻干嘛干嘛
	on arriving home i discovered they had gone 我一到家就发现他们已经离开了
	# 关于(事与人)
	a book on South Africa 一本关于南非的书
	she tested us on irregular verbs 她考了我们的不规则动词
	# (身上带着);有
	have you got any money on you ?你身上带钱没有？
	# 为 (团队/组织)的一员
	whose side are you on ? 你支持哪一边？


at: She is **at the beach.**

in : The flower is **in the glass.**

about:  They read **about the car accident** in the newspaper.

> above:  Planes fly **above the ground**

*over强调的是位于某物上方 above是强调水平线* 

`He lives on the floor above/over us` 有时候也可以换用

across:   We walked **across the street** to get a slice of pizza.

across from:  **Across the street from the park** is a hospital.

after:   Tom and Sue had some ice cream **after dinner.**

against:  She was so tired that she had to lean **against the wall.**

along:  I noticed a lot of garbage **along the side of the highway.**

at:  He needs to be **at work in the afternoon.**

before:  Tom and Sue bought popcorn **before the movie.**

behind:  What's behind the door?

below:  It was 41 degrees **below zero** yesterday. (- 41 degrees!)

beneath  [bɪˈniθ] 在..下方: Get **beneath the covers** and keep warm tonight.

beside: I put the shovel铲子 **beside the fence**.围墙

between: B comes between A and C.

by:  You should try to be here by 10:00.

down: Let's walk down the street and get some gyros.

for:  They work for a big company.

from:  Ali moved to Minnesota from Somalia.

in:  Now he lives in Minnesota.

in back of:  John parked his car in back of the store.

in front of:  The sign in front of the store told him to park in back.

into:  When we walked into the classroom, we met the teacher.

inside:  Is there any food inside the refrigerator?

near:  Jorge lives near the place where he works, so he walks to work.

of:  There are plenty of apples for everybody to have one.

off:  She got off the bus at the corner.

on: Look on the table and you'll see the books.

onto:  They walked onto the airplane and sat down.

out:  A cat fell out the window, but he survived the fall.

outside:  The teachers are talking together **outside the classroom.**

through: Running through a waterfall is refreshing. 穿过瀑布是令人耳目一新的

to:  Did you go to the store yet?

with:  **Who did you go to movies with**? or....**With whom** did you go to the movies?