## 周天

Sunday is the first day of the week.
The first day of the week is Sunday.

Sunday comes after Saturday . Su M T W Th F Sa

It comes before Monday . Su M T W Th F Sa

Sunday is a weekend day.

Monday is the second day of the week on the calendar.
Monday is also the first day of the work week.

Monday comes after Sunday. Su M T W Th F Sa

It comes before Tuesday. Su M T W Th F Sa

(Everyone hates Monday because it's the first day back to work after the weekend!)

Tuesday is the third day of the week.
The third day of the week is Tuesday. It's the second day of the work week.

Tuesday comes after Monday. Su M T W Th F Sa

It comes before Wednesday. Su M T W Th F Sa

Wednesday is the fourth day of the week.
The fourth day of the week is Wednesday. It's the third day of the work week.

Wednesday comes after Tuesday. Su M T W Th F Sa

It comes before Thursday. Su M T W Th F Sa

Wednesday is the middle of the week.

Thursday is the fifth day of the week.
The fifth day of the week is Thursday. It's the fourth day of the work week.

Thursday comes after Wednesday. Su M T W Th F Sa

It comes before Friday. Su M T W Th F Sa

Friday is the sixth day of the week.
The sixth day of the week is Friday. It's the fifth and last day of the work week.

Friday comes after Thursday. Su M T W Th F Sa

It comes before Saturday. Su M T W Th F Sa

(Everyone loves Friday because it's the last day of the week. In the afternoon, the weekend begins. T.G.I.F. = Thank God it's Friday!)

Saturday is the seventh day of the week.
The seventh day of the week is Saturday.

Saturday comes after Friday. Su M T W Th F Sa

It comes before Sunday. Su M T W Th F Sa

Saturday and Sunday are the weekend.
Su M T W Th F Sa

When talking about the weekend, you can use:

- on the weekend

- during the weekend

- this weekend (present and future):

What are you going to do this weekend?

- last weekend (past)

What did you do last weekend?

- next weekend (future - comes after "this weekend")

What are you going to do next weekend?
(Saturday and Sunday, March 4 and 5 are this weekend; Saturday and Sunday, March 11 and 12 are next weekend.)

There are seven days in a week.
There are 52 weeks in a year.

## 月


January is the first month of the year.
The first month of the year is January.

January comes after December.

It comes before February.

This month begins the year.

February is the second month of the year.
The second month of the year is February.

February comes after January.

It comes before March.

March is the third month of the year.
The third month of the year is March.

March comes after February.

It comes before April.

April is the fourth month of the year.
The fourth month of the year is April.

April comes after March.

It comes before May.

May is the fifth month of the year.
The fifth month of the year is May.

May comes after April.

It comes before June.

June is the sixth month of the year.
The sixth month of the year is June.

June comes after May.

It comes before July.

July is the seventh month of the year.
The seventh month of the year is July.

July comes after June.

It comes before August.

August is the eighth month of the year.
The eighth month of the year is August.

August comes after July.

It comes before September.

September is the ninth month of the year.
The ninth month of the year is September.

September comes after August.

It comes before October.

October is the tenth month of the year.
The tenth month of the year is October.

October comes after September.

It comes before November.

November is the eleventh month of the year.
The eleventh month of the year is November.

November comes after October.

It comes before December.

December is the twelfth month of the year.
The twelfth month of the year is December.

The last month of the year is December.

December comes after November.

It comes before January.

This month ends the year.

## 日期

day 和 date的区别
周几 day: sunday 、monday、Tuesday、etc 
日期 date: June 6	

what's today? what day is it today ? 
today's Tuesday , June 6 （june sixth）
what's the date? It's the 6th of June. it's June 6.

一般回答不用年 一下这些情况 用年

When were you born? ----> March 25, 1965
When did you arrive in the U.S.? ----> In 2002.
When is the next election? ----> In November of 2010		


## 时间
have: do you have the time ?
know :  do you know what time it is?  
be: what time is it? 
tell : can you tell me what time it is please


sorry im not wearing a watch 
it's a quarter after two 两点一刻

时间表达词汇

o'clock  (7:00 = serven o'clock)

a quarter after : 15 minutes after the hour(3:15 = a quarter after three)

a quarter past = a quarter after

a quarter before : 15 monutes before the hour (3:45 = a quarter before four)
q quarter to  = a quarter before

half past : 30 minutes after the hour (11:30 half past eleven) 11过去半小时了

thirty = 30 minutes after the hour (11:30 eleven thirty)


回答别人的提问 最简单的是数字方式

"It's 5:13." = (five thirteen) or

"It's 5:02." (five o two)*

or "It's 5:50." (five fifty)

*Note: 0 is pronounced "O" not "zero."