## need

i \ we \ you \ they  **need** | don't need 

he \ she \ it **needs** | doesn't need




提问
Is there something that you need?
What does he need to do today?
Do you need anything from the store?
Why do you need to work on Saturday?
Will I need to wear a jacket today?

A: Does he need to go to school today?
B: Yes, he needs to go to school.
or ....

B: Yes, he does.
B: Yes, he needs. (错误实例


Directions: Fill in the blanks with the correct form of the verb "need." Some questions require "do" or "does."

What _______ he _________ ?
He ________ a pencil.
______ you ________ any help?
I ________ ________ this. (negative)
Who _________ more to eat?
This flashlight _________ batteries.
The students _________ books.
I _______ ________ to go to work today. (negative)
When _______ they ________ to leave?
My car __________ an oil change.
 

(Answers: 1. does....need; 2. needs; 3. Do....need; 4. don't need; 5. needs; 6. needs; 7. need; 8. don't need; 9. do....need; 10. needs)


过去式
needed
didn't need
What did you need from the store?
Did you need to use my computer?
Did they need any money?
Why did he need to see a doctor?

Directions: Fill in the blanks with the correct form of the verb "need" in the past tense.

What _______they _________ ?
They ________ some boxes.
______ he ________ any water?
I ________ ________ the sugar. (negative)
Who _________ the hammer?
The dog __________ more food.
We ________ _________ any help. (negative)
What time ________ you ________ the package?
________ she _________ to work today?
Her mother ________ _________ to leave the hospital. (negative)
 

(Answers: 1. did....need; 2. needed; 3. Did....need; 4. didn't need; 5. needed; 6. needed; 7. didn't need; 8. did.... need; 9. Did....need; 10. didn't need)


## would like =  want 
需要一个对象 动名词 不定式

缩写 : I'd like  = i would like

They'd like **to get** a new dog 不定式

否定：
$subject wouldn't like 。。。。

提问

would like = do want

What would you like on your pizza?
Would you like to go out tonight?
Would they like to go to the park?
What time would you like to leave?
How many pieces of chicken would you like?

Directions: Fill in the blanks with "would" and "like."

1- 10 would like

What _______ you _________ to eat?
I ________ _________ a hot dog.
What ________ she ________?
She ________ ________ some french fries.
How _________ you __________ your steak?
I _________ _________ it well done.
They _________ __________ to watch TV.
Your parents __________ _________ that. (negative)
Bob _________ _________ living in California. (negative)
________ you _________ some ketchup?
 

(Answers: 1. would....like; 2. would like; 3. would...like; 4. would like; 5. would....like; 6. would like; 7. would like; 8. wouldn't like; 9. wouldn't like; 10. Would....like)



## want

want 需要一个对象

i \ you \ we \ they  **want**

he \ she \ it **wants** 

I \ we \ you \ they **don't want**
he \ she \ it **doesn't want**

过去式

肯定 wanted  否定 didn't want

What did you want?
Did they want any more juice?
Did your neighbor want any help?
When did he want to eat?
When did you want to leave for the airport? (This question and the one before it are in the past tense, but they refer to a future event.)

Directions: Fill in the blanks to make the past tense with the helping verb (did) and the main verb (want).

1- 10 Past Tense:

What _______ they _________ ?
They ________ a ride.
What ________ he ________?
He _________ something to drink.
What ________ you ________ to do?
I ________ to see a movie.
We _________ __________ that house. (negative)
The childen _________ __________ to leave. (negative)
Why _________ she _________ the job? (negative)
My mother _______  ________ me to do that. (negative)
 

(Answers: 1. did...want; 2. wanted; 3. did....want; 4. wanted; 5. did....want; 6. wanted; 7. didn't want; 8. didn't want; 9. didn't...want; 10. didn't want)



## have to  必须 不得不

have to 后面是动词的简单形式

you have to go to school tomorrow

he has to do some work

they have to travel to New York

you/I/we/they don't have to ...
she/he/it doesn't have to ..

We don't have to be there until 8:00.

She doesn't have to do the dishes tonight.

They don't have to clean their house.


Directions: Use "have to" and the verb in parentheses ( ____ ) to complete each sentence.

1.  He ________ ________ ________ his homework. (finish)

2.  They _______ ________ ________ ________ to work tomorrow. (go -- negative)

3. Alice ________ ________ ________ a dentist. (see)

4.  I ________ ________ ________ eating better. (start)

5.  You ________ ________ ________ some bread from the store. (get)

6.  We ________ ________ ________ ________ this chapter. (read -- negative)

7.  She ________ _______ ________ at work by 5:00 a.m. (be)

8.  This ________ ________ ________ ________ on. (be -- negative)

9.  These glasses ________ ________ ________ right. (fit)

10. We ________ ________ ________ English in class. (speak)

 

(Answers: 1. has to finish; 2. don't have to go; 3. has to see; 4. have to start;  5. have to get; 6. don't have to read; 7. has to be; 8. doesn't have to be; 9. have to fit; 10. have to speak)

